Sign UP     LogIN

Home
About
Services
Team
Portfolio
Blog
Contact


A Bootstrap 3 One Page Theme.
Exclusive forBlackTie.co.


BOOTSTRAP 3
Shield Theme is powered by Bootstrap 3. The incredible Mobile First Framework is the best option to run your website.
Read More


RETINA READY
You can use this theme with your iPhone, iPad or MacBook Pro. This theme is retina ready and that is awesome.
Read More

CRAFTED WITH LOVE
We don't make sites, we craft themes with love   passion. That is our most valued secret. We only do thing that we love.
Read More

A LITTLE ABOUT OUR AGENCY
We believe ideas come from everyone, everywhere. In fact, at BlackTie, everyone within our agency walls is a designer in their own right. And there are a few principles we believe?and we believe everyone should believe?about our design craft. These truths drive us, motivate us, and ultimately help us redefine the power of design. We¡¯re big believers in doing right by our neighbors. After all, we grew up in the Twin Cities and we believe this place has much to offer. So we do what we can to support the community we love.

Over the past four years, we¡¯ve provided more than $1 million in combined cash and pro bono support to Way to Grow, an early childhood education and nonprofit organization. Other community giving involvement throughout our agency history includes pro bono work for more than 13 organizations, direct giving, a scholarship program through the Minneapolis College of Art & Design, board memberships, and ongoing participation in the Keystone Club, which gives five percent of our company¡¯s earnings back to the community each year.


DESIGN EXPAND BOUNDARIES
To achieve real change, we have to expand boundaries. Because the Wild West of what-could-be is unexplored but rife with opportunity.


ONE BRAND, ONE VOICE.
Employees and consumers. Two halves of a brand¡¯s entirety, the whole of a brand¡¯s audience. Sometimes these two halves have very different viewpoints, creating a weak spot in the brand story. Weakness tarnishes credibility. Brands that aren¡¯t credible aren¡¯t viable. We squash weakness by designing the whole brand story. It¡¯s crafted around the truism held by employees and consumers to create an experience that connects from the inside out. By being true to the brand we represent, we elevate the audiences¡¯ relationship to it. Like becomes love becomes a passion. Passion becomes advocacy. And we see the brand blossom from within, creating a whole story the audience embraces. That¡¯s when the brand can truly flex its muscles.


MOBILE FIRST THINKING, ALWAYS.


DESIGN IS AN INTERACTION
To develop a deeper and more meaningful connection with consumers, we believe design must invite them to take part in the conversation.


MEET OUR AWESOME TEAM
Mike Arney
Mike combines an expert technical knowledge with a real eye for design. Working with clients from a wide range of industries, he fully understands client objectives when working on a project, large or small.

 
Tim Davies
Mike combines an expert technical knowledge with a real eye for design. Working with clients from a wide range of industries, he fully understands client objectives when working on a project, large or small.

 
Michele Lampa
Mike combines an expert technical knowledge with a real eye for design. Working with clients from a wide range of industries, he fully understands client objectives when working on a project, large or small.

 
Jaye Smith
Mike combines an expert technical knowledge with a real eye for design. Working with clients from a wide range of industries, he fully understands client objectives when working on a project, large or small.


We Are Hiring!
Do you want to be one of use? Sure you want, because we are an awesome team!. Here we work hard every day to craft pixel perfect sites.


DESIGN SOLVE PROBLEMS
From the purely practical to the richly philosophical, design is the solution to a host of challenges.

WE CREATE COOL STUFF


DESIGN SOLVE PROBLEMS
From the purely practical to the richly philosophical, design is the solution to a host of challenges.